DOC-3393: Document storage parameters (#14399)
cockroachdb/docs: _includes/v22.1/misc/index-storage-parameters.md

| Parameter name | Description | Data type | Default value
|---------------------+----------------------|-----|------|

> | bucket_count | Specifies the number of buckets into which a [hash-sharded index](hash-sharded-indexes.html) will split. | Integer | The value of the `sql.defaults.default_hash_sharded_index_bucket_count` [cluster setting](cluster-settings.html) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| bucket_count | The number of buckets into which a [hash-sharded index](hash-sharded-indexes.html) will split. | Integer | The value of the `sql.defaults.default_hash_sharded_index_bucket_count` [cluster setting](cluster-settings.html) |
```

> | geometry_max_x | Maximum X-value of the [spatial reference system](spatial-glossary.html#spatial-reference-system) for the object(s) being covered. This only needs to be set if you are using a custom [SRID](spatial-glossary.html#srid). | | Derived from SRID bounds, else `(1 << 31) -1` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| geometry_max_x | Maximum X-value of the [spatial reference system](spatial-glossary.html#spatial-reference-system) for the object(s) being covered. You need to set this only if you are using a custom [SRID](spatial-glossary.html#srid). | | Derived from SRID bounds, else `(1 << 31) -1` |
```

> | geometry_max_y | Maximum Y-value of the [spatial reference system](spatial-glossary.html#spatial-reference-system) for the object(s) being covered. This only needs to be set if you are using a custom [SRID](spatial-glossary.html#srid). | | Derived from SRID bounds, else `(1 << 31) -1` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| geometry_max_y | Maximum Y-value of the [spatial reference system](spatial-glossary.html#spatial-reference-system) for the object(s) being covered. You need to set this only if you are using a custom [SRID](spatial-glossary.html#srid). | | Derived from SRID bounds, else `(1 << 31) -1` |
```

> | geometry_min_x | Minimum X-value of the [spatial reference system](spatial-glossary.html#spatial-reference-system) for the object(s) being covered. This only needs to be set if the default bounds of the SRID are too large/small for the given data, or SRID = 0 and you wish to use a smaller range (unfortunately this is currently not exposed, but is viewable on <https://epsg.io/3857>). By default, SRID = 0 assumes `[-min int32, max int32]` ranges. | | Derived from SRID bounds, else `-(1 << 31)` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| geometry_min_x | Minimum X-value of the [spatial reference system](spatial-glossary.html#spatial-reference-system) for the object(s) being covered. You need to set this only if the default bounds of the SRID are too large or small for the given data, or SRID = 0 and you wish to use a smaller range (unfortunately this is currently not exposed, but is viewable on <https://epsg.io/3857>). By default, SRID = 0 assumes `[-min int32, max int32]` ranges. | | Derived from SRID bounds, else `-(1 << 31)` |
```

> | geometry_min_y | Minimum Y-value of the [spatial reference system](spatial-glossary.html#spatial-reference-system) for the object(s) being covered. This only needs to be set if you are using a custom [SRID](spatial-glossary.html#srid). | | Derived from SRID bounds, else `-(1 << 31)` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| geometry_min_y | Minimum Y-value of the [spatial reference system](spatial-glossary.html#spatial-reference-system) for the object(s) being covered. You need to set this only if you are using a custom [SRID](spatial-glossary.html#srid). | | Derived from SRID bounds, else `-(1 << 31)` |
```
